chore: update info about `fabric_enabled` in RNTester README (#41145)
facebook/react-native: packages/rn-tester/README.md

### Running on iOS

> If you are testing non-fabric component, modify [the fabric_enabled flag in RNTester's Podfile](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/main/packages/rn-tester/Podfile#L38).

Reviewer: Linking to a line number, without automation to check this, will inevitably become outdated again and doesn't seem worth the ongoing maintenance. Can we instead widen these instructions slightly? 🙂

```suggestion
If you are testing non-fabric component, search for and modify the `fabric_enabled` flag in [RNTester's Podfile](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/main/packages/rn-tester/Podfile).
```

Author: @huntie Makes sense 👍🏻 Applied your suggestion
